feat: restructure skills into a router + lanes + knowledge base (#31)
runpod/skills: plugins/runpod/skills/flash/SKILL.md

2. **Forgetting await** -- all decorated functions and client methods need `await`.
3. **Missing dependencies** -- must list in `dependencies=[]`.
4. **gpu/cpu are exclusive** -- pick one per Endpoint.
5. **idle_timeout is seconds** -- default 60s, not minutes.
6. **10MB payload limit** -- pass URLs, not large objects. Return binary (audio/images/files) as base64 in the JSON (`{"audio_b64": ...}`) and decode client-side; for larger outputs write to a NetworkVolume or upload to storage and return a URL.
7. **Client vs decorator** -- `image=`/`id=` = client. Otherwise = decorator.
8. **Auto GPU switching requires workers >= 5** -- pass a list of GPU types (e.g. `gpu=[GpuGroup.ADA_24, GpuGroup.AMPERE_80]`) and set `workers=5` or higher. The platform only auto-switches GPU types based on supply when max workers is at least 5.
9. **`runsync` timeout is 60s** -- cold starts can exceed 60s. Use `ep.runsync(data, timeout=120)` for first requests or use `ep.run()` + `job.wait()` instead.

> 10. **Request body shape: QB spreads input as kwargs, LB is top-level** -- Load-balanced routes (`@api.post(...)`) take the handler arg at the top level: `{"data": {...}}`. Queue-based endpoints (bare `@Endpoint`, hit via `.../run` or `.../runsync`) call the handler as **`handler(**job_input)`** — the request's `input` dict is spread as keyword arguments, so the handler's parameter names must match the input keys: a handler `def transcribe(input_data: dict)` wants `{"input": {"input_data": {...}}}`, and `def read(input: dict)` wants `{"input": {"input": {...}}}` (a mismatch fails with `got an unexpected keyword argument …`, verified 2026-07-10 via worker logs). Use `**kwargs` if the handler ignores the payload. Also: an **empty** `input` (`{"input": {}}`) is rejected by the worker SDK as `Job has missing field(s): id or input` — always send at least one key. The flash client (`ep.runsync(x)`, `api.post(...)`) hides the spreading — it's a trap for raw HTTP/external callers. See *Autonomous Dev Loop*.

Reviewer: The empty-`input` rejection — which caused real failures (per the commit history) — is buried at the tail of this ~150-word bullet, so it's easy to miss. Pull it out as its own checkable rule (keeps the existing numbering intact):

```suggestion
10. **Request body shape: QB spreads `input` as kwargs, LB is top-level** -- Load-balanced routes (`@api.post(...)`) take the handler arg at the top level: `{"data": {...}}`. Queue-based endpoints (bare `@Endpoint`, hit via `.../run` or `.../runsync`) call the handler as **`handler(**job_input)`** — the request's `input` dict is spread as keyword arguments, so the handler's parameter names must match the input keys: a handler `def transcribe(input_data: dict)` wants `{"input": {"input_data": {...}}}`, and `def read(input: dict)` wants `{"input": {"input": {...}}}` (a mismatch fails with `got an unexpected keyword argument …`, verified 2026-07-10 via worker logs). Use `**kwargs` if the handler ignores the payload. The flash client (`ep.runsync(x)`, `api.post(...)`) hides the spreading — it's a trap for raw HTTP/external callers. See *Autonomous Dev Loop*.
    - **Never send an empty `input`.** A QB request with `{"input": {}}` is rejected by the worker SDK as `Job has missing field(s): id or input` — always include at least one key.
```
